welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Punisher Season 2 The Punisher Frank
Castle saved the day last season so now
he's just chillin living the good life
he picks up a hot bartender who's the
girl from men in the high castle and
Frank gets laid for the first time in
years he likes her a lot and is thinking
of settling down but the next night at
the bar this teenage girl seems to be in
some trouble
Frank watches as some real bad people
attack her so he busts in and shows them
that he's the baddest of the bad it's an
epic bar brawl but pretty soon things
get out of hand
and Frank's bartender girlfriend gets
shot oh he gets through the hospital and
it's like sorry girl punisher got a
punish he hides out with the teenager
but she's like no offense dude I don't
know you I'm gonna bail so he has two
pseudo kidnap her for her own good so
some more bad guys come after her but
Frank takes those out too unfortunately
the cops come so Punishers gone to jail
now meet John parish he's a good
Christian man but he used to be some
sort of hardcore gangster so when his
mentor is like hey I need you to go get
that girl he rolls out with the guns and
shoots up the whole police station
Punishers like yo man cut me loose and
let me handle this so he goes out Rambo
style and takes out all the bad guys the
cops are like who is this dude preacher
man survives but a helicopter comes it's
agent Madani here to save the day
Frank's like thanks Madani by the way
I'm rolling with this teenage sidekick
now she's like I don't even want to know
I got problems of my own
Billy Russo has escaped from the
hospital he wears this crazy jigsaw mask
because Frank scarred up his face last
season it seems like he honestly doesn't
remember anything he just has flashes of
The Punisher skull he's got a hot
psychiatrist that's working with him but
one day the cops come and instinct kicks
in he killed these guys and escapes long
story short she lets him stay at her
apartment
cuz he's got this wounded baby bird
thing and she thinks she can fix him now
teenage chick finally explains her
backstory she and her friends were
small-time common in Chicago and one day
they were hired to take blackmail
pictures of these two guys kissing but
she got home to find all of her friends
murdered she has no idea who's after her
and she's in way over her head so she
and Franco investigating she's like hey
you don't have to kill everyone by the
way sometimes you can let them live but
just like their house on fire turns out
she was hired by this Russian gang
so Frank busts in and has an epic
Russian gym fight
they were hired by this high power and
Russian billionaire so Frank kidnaps him
he was just getting some standard gay
politician blackmail but turns out his
dad is the religious guy he's some sort
of powerful CEO and he has no problem
making John kill all these people to
protect his son meanwhile Billy Russo is
getting some therapy there's a lot of
sexual tension with the psychiatrist and
she's totally into it she's cut her own
mental issues cuz her dad threw her out
of a window as a kid long story short he
forms a Joker style gang they robbed
this place and it goes well until the
Punisher shows up this blows Billy's
mind he starts to remember it was his
best friend Frank that smashed his face
so they have a big shootout but Billy
gets away he's like yo gang The Punisher
is now priority number one
so when Frank sneaks in to get him
they're ready for him another epic fight
scene as Frank takes all these guys down
and he's shooting at Billy getting away
but turns out oh he hit a bunch of
civilians just some random girls they
had their that is the Punishers whole
thing he doesn't kill innocent people so
when the cops come to arrest him he
doesn't put up a fight
teenage sidekick conservation Karen page
uses legalese and Madani pulls some
jurisdiction so all three of Punishers
girlfriends are there to console him and
they eventually find out it was Billy
who shot those girls to set him up
Madani helps him escape but some other
cop comes and has taken him to jail but
preacher man shows up and shoots them so
they fall off the bridge
Frank saves the cop so he lets him go
meanwhile madan he made friends with the
psychiatrist too but realize that she's
hiding Billy Russo they have a girl
fight in the kitchen and Madani throws
her out the window of over worst fear
Billy just got home so he rushes up and
attacks Madani she shoots him a few
times but he manages to strangle her out
and no Madonna's dead
just kidding she survives somehow
Billy's bleeding out on the run calls
their old friend Curtis but he sends
Frank over who has no mercy for Billy
Russo in case it matters the
psychiatrist survives but it doesn't
matter cuz the show's been cancelled
now Frank goes to see the senator but he
has no idea what's been going on so
Frank calls daddy who threatens him
pretty explicitly creature man's been
busy meeting some of his old gangster
friends but he did not leave on good
terms so they have an epic bar fight and
eventually he wins cuz he
an insane badass he has a sick wife back
home but she dies so he goes on a bender
he's got a couple sons too and bad dad's
like hey if you want to see them again
go get our son back so he and Frank have
a weird shooting through the wall fight
and it comes down to a final junkyard
brawl but preacher man's like hey I'm
just doing it for my sons and Frank
can't understand that so they work
together teenage girl goes to see the
parents turns out they recorded the
phone call where they admitted to having
people killed she's like you're going to
jail for killing my friends but mom
wants to fight OBO shot by Frank he's
like yeah we're going to the cops with
this in the morning you could shoot
yourself first if you want so he does
that so preacher man gets his sons back
he and Frank part with some mutual
respect Frank in the teenage girl became
real close along the way she takes a bus
to start a new life and Frank goes back
to two and what he does best shoot up
bad guys so that's how the Punisher
season two comes to an end
[Music]